My name's Adam Duguid,
I'm the Marketing Expert.
Tarik Rahman. TARIK.
And you're going to be the User Interface,. This is the agenda for today's meeting. As you can see, opening, acquaintance, tool training, project plan discussion, and closing. the reason we're here, we're gonna design a new remote control,. The very broad overview is original, trendy, and user-friendly. We're gonna have the three kay phases,. the functional, architectural, and the detailed design. First one's gonna be covering the user requirement spec, technical functions, working design. Second seems to be conceptual components, properties, materials,. and the last one is a detailed analysis of our design so far. Ebenezer, you wanna have a you wanna draw your favourite animal?
Here we have an elephant.
Tarik, would you like to have a shot at a bit of artistry?
Here we have a tiger.
Dave, if you'd like to have a dash. but cats are one of my favourite animals,. Project finance. As you can see, twelve point five Euros per unit. and we're hoping to sell them for twenty five. If we're aiming for fifty million Euros we're gonna have to be selling an awful lot of them.
That was profiting,
Any ideas of where you think a new remote control could go into this market?
One thing I'm aware of is, th there at the sort of very high price end of the market there's there's a em emerging market for sort of touch screen LCD remotes. that can be programmed in much more sophisticated ways than sort of conventional models,. it occurs to me there might be a niche for for a remote that aimed towards some of that sort of functionality but using a just conventional push button design. And therefore putting it into a well much lower price bracket.
With the price range we're looking at, going for a touch screen would probably be possibly out of our. But you think again something to control multiple units in a simple fashion.
I mean you get ones that you can switch between multiple units,. and ideally something into which it would have some at least limited facility for running macros.
Would the the idea something along the lines of, one on button would turn on say the video recorder, the TV, maybe the sound system as well, all in one go, is that kind of
You pr you press say the play button for the DVD player and it turns the TV on and onto the right channel as well,
I've noticed that gaming is becoming quite popular with television,. we used to play games using our cable, using the cable subscribed the cable providers,. but our remote controls would get worn out really easily,. and the remote control was not a great kind of keyboar, keypad, for playing games. Instead of people entering in what time things start, you simply stri slide a bar to say what time it begins,
I've seen the bar-code design before,
I think for gaming, you know you want you want some big buttons for up, down, left and right, shoot. you wanna be able to change angles in interactive television,
So we'll have to try and decide on some of the basic functionality,. how the user interface might work,. that'll be a key aspect especially if the idea of some kind of macros facility
Do you think they should have some sort of stick on it, rather than buttons? Like control pads, you know of games,
And that could allow easy navigation, used as a joystick as well.
-. The other key feature that that would be a good idea built into it is is is to make something you know fairly sort of ergonomic,. something that just fits fits as comfortably as possible into the hand. But of course, al al also allows for the possibility of a more sort of slightly unconventional or attractive sha shape for it overall,.
Small, stylish, and something that's just a little different.
Something sort of sort of sl slightly sort of biomorphic in form,
I'll write up what we've kind of quickly done,. and I'll get that out to everybody.